Questions on Data Handling
1-What is implemented on DataFrame to compute the correlation between like-labeled Series contained in different DataFrame objects ?   Answer - corrwith
2-What takes a dict of dicts or a dict of array-like sequences and returns a DataFrame?   Answer - DataFrame.from_items
3-Which library is similar to Pandas ?   Answer - numpy
4- What is used for transforming a SparseSeries indexed by a MultiIndex to a scipy.sparse.coo_matrix ?   Answer - SparseSeries.to_coo()
5-What makes use of pandas and returns data in a Series or DataFrame ?   Answer - freedapi

Questions on Working with Files
1-When reading a file using the file object, what method is best for reading the entire file into a single string?   Answer - .read()
2-What will be the output of the following Python code?
  f = None
  for i in range (5):
      with open("data.txt", "w") as f:
          if i > 2:
              break
  print(f.closed)   Answer - outfile = open(“c:\\scores.txt”, “w”)
  Answer - True
3-Given the file dog_breeds.txt, what is the correct way to open the file for reading as a text file?   Answer - open('dog_breeds.txt', 'r')
4-Given the file jack_russell.png, which of the following is the correct way to open the file for reading as a buffered binary file?   Answer - open('jack_russell.png', 'rb')
5-Whenever possible, what is the recommended way to ensure that a file object is properly closed after usage?   Answer - By using the with statement

Questions on Database Connectivity
1-What is the name of the SQL database the comes distributed with Python?   Answer - SQLite
2-Which of the following code snippets creates and connects to a new SQLite Database?   
  Answer - import sqlite3
           connection = sqlite3.connect("test_database.db")
3-Which of the following are valid Cursor methods used to execute SQL statments and retrieve query results?   Answer - Cursor.execute()
4-What is the type of the results variable in the following code snippet?
  import sqlite3

  connection = sqlite3.connection("people.db")
  cursor = connection.cursor()
  cursor.execute("SELECT * FROM People")
  results = cursor.fetchall()   
  Answer - list
5-By using sqlite3 , we can store our data on   Answer - local


